# Retrospective

 During our iteration 2 retrospective we discussed what went well and what went poorly. Even though a lot of things went well, such as strong communication, good distribution of workload, and improving on using more gitlab issues, there were still things that were not as successful as we would have liked. The main thing that went poorly was not completing all the features we initially planned on having done. Each previous iteration we pushed back at least one feature. Pushing back a feature in iteration 2 adds extra workload for us to complete during iteration 3. Although we all agreed that it helped us focus on the features we knew we could complete, we still thought that we could come up with solutions to make sure we did not push anything back next iteration. 
 
We came up with a few ways to improve on completing all of our planned features. First, we decided we should make more developer tasks and keep them up to date. During iteration 2 we wrote them during the start of development and never added more or updated them as we went. Keeping more up to date developer tasks will help with splitting up the workload and having a more organized plan. This will allow us to get things done in a more efficient way, and complete more or all of our planned features.
 
Another concrete improvement would be to revise and refactor after completing each feature instead of doing it all last minute at the end. For next iteration we should assign refactoring to an individual in our group, instead of assigning single features to specific people and then everyone all together working on revision at the end.  One person should be responsible for cleaning up the code, and the other group members should be responsible for developing the features. Splitting up the work like this would allow us the get refactoring done throughout the iteration instead of rushing it all at the end, which would in turn give us time to work on more features. It would also help us find more of our code smells because one person would be dedicating all of their time to find them.

Lastly we decided we should break up some of our features into smaller features.  We realized that if we focus on things in smaller terms we could get more done. If we do end up running out of time near the end of our iteration, we wouldn’t be pushing back as much because we could still work on smaller parts of the original big feature.

After working on all the following solutions and completing iteration 3, we will have another retrospective to determine if we were successful in improving ourselves. 
We will know if we were successful by looking at how many features we completed. If we completed all the features we planned, then we would have almost achieved our goal. We will also need to compare how many features we completed in previous iterations. If we completed more work in past iterations, then we were not successful because that would mean we did not assign enough work to ourselves this iteration.  If we completed the same or more work this iteration compared to previous, then we were successful because we used our time appropriately. 
